//Author: Christian Gogo & Austin Seaver
//Date: 04/29/24/Mon/1140
//Purpose: Group Final Design Document


Data:
Image - int 2D array
File pointer image
Brighten - boolean
Dim - boolean
Crop - boolean
Edit - boolean
Row - int
Column - int
Final image point

Functionality:
 A menu will load with the following options load the image, display the current image, edit the current image, exit the current image, and exit the program. If they choose to edit they will be met with another menu where they will be able to choose from crop, dim, brighten, and rotatie. If they choose to load a new image it will be pulled from a file. If they choose to display the current image it will read from the file and print the image, and if they choose to exit the program will terminate.

Functions:
Main()
Data: 2D array for image size. Variables for load, rotate, edit, display, quit.
Functionality: Provide menu prompts. Call to other functions to change to load, display, edit, or
quit.

loadImage()
Input Parameters: File pointer, int rows, int columns, int image 2D array
Returned Output: None
Functionality: Load values from file into image 2D array.

displayImage()
Input Parameters: int rows, int columns, int image 2D array
Returned Output: Image
Functionality: Display image pixels of chars of a space, a period, lower case ‘o’, upper case ‘O’, a
zero.

editImage()
Input Parameters: file pointer, brightness, dim, rotate, crop
Returned Output: image
Functionality: Allows the user to choose how they want to edit the image.


cropImage()
Input Parameters: image, crop, size
Returned Output: image
Functionality: Crops a smaller section of the current image.

dimImage()
Input Parameters: file pointer, brightness, dim, rotate, crop
Returned Output: image
Functionality: Dims the current image

brightenImage()
Input Parameters: file pointer, brightness, dim, rotate, crop
Returned Output: image
Functionality: Brightens the current image

rotateImage()
Input Parameters: Image, rotate
Returned Output: Rotated image
Functionality: Allows the image to be rotated 90 degrees in one direction.

saveImage()
Input Parameters: File Pointer
Returned Output: File Pointer
Functionality: Saves current image to new or existing file.
